Feat/add inputs (#278)
gohypergiant/standard-toolkit: .changeset/sharp-spiders-juggle.md

---
'@accelint/design-toolkit': patch
---

> Added the initial scaffolding for documentation to the existingcomponents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the initial scaffolding for documentation to the existing components.
```
